[Music]
how's it going everyone today we have
Dexter lab with us and he's going to be
talking about Open high low close and
the power of three let's get into the
video okay welcome to the Monster Lab
this is one collaboration with the edu
Detroits and Monster Lab the beginning
for one power of three Universe it's the
opening okay and the same time the
accumulation phase the opening it's the
time the accumulation it's the price the
bment the second phase it's the
manipulation in other words it's the
weak high for the candle in the
bment the next phase it's the
distribution this distribution it's for
printed the body the candle for the
candle in development of the power of
tree in
development and the close in the in the
power of three it's the weak low the
opposite weak okay so in every power of
three you find this phase one opening
price one manipulation for printed the
weak high or the week low low and the
next move it's for printed the body the
candle and the close it's the opposite
week it's for printed the week high or
week low in the opposite direction for
the manipulation
phase okay um In This Moment time and
price it's present in one candle in one
power of threee when you say time it's
the the same when you say the open
because every opening it's in specific
time it's a specific hour so in every
opening price this is the time element
and when you say
manipulation or
distribution you say price it's the same
for price because when price
open this is in a specific time and when
price move in the manipulation phase
price
moving to the one specific PD in other
words in one specific price one they fa
value Gap breaker I don't know but when
price have this phase for manipulation
price looking for one pdra Higher time
frame so this is price and when one
power of three or one candle open this
is time when one power of three close
it's the same it's in a specific time
close one candle and open the new candle
power of three in the weak High and the
weak low in every power of three is in
in one specific PD array so when price
open and moving to the manipulation it's
for printed the wi high in one specific
PD the same time frame or
higher never lower lower when you have
the higher time frames in framework and
you need refine this
PD but your main PDR it's for the same
time frame or higher time frame okay and
when price printed this week high and
the distribution is development in the
close price looking for one opposite PD
array in the same time frame or higher
and price stop in this uh PD so the weak
High and the weak low for every candle
it's in one specific pdra the same time
frame or higher time frame frame okay in
this topic the focus it's only uh in the
four old candles four old openings but
these Concepts it's for every time frame
monthly weekly daily every time frame
but in this topic it's in the 4 or
because it's for intraday purpose inside
the daily candle you can find um
multiples candle s the
40 so it's more um it's better for
intraday purpose because you only need
one single candle for make money or make
profits or or wearing the tape or
tracking price or I don't know but the
focus is in the four or openings and in
the index Futures you can find four
different time Windows the f first time
windows it's in the 2 a.m. in the 2 A.M
new 40 candle open in the index Futures
Market okay and this candle close to the
6 I and open new candle it's only four
or candles so 2 a.m. it's the first
candle 6:00 a.m. it's the second candle
10m it's the next candle and the last
four or candle it's in the 2 p.m okay um
if you're working with the Forex it's
different times it's one less old the
opening in Forex the first candle it's
in the one a.m candle New York time all
these o times it's New York time okay
the next candle it's in the 5 I am and
the next candle in the 9 I am so in
Forex only you have three candles
different candles because the last
candle in Forex um it's the London close
and Forex don't move in the PM Trend
it's a small moves so in index Futures
you can find four old candles in Forex
only three candles the four or uh time
frame okay inside the daily or the every
power of three 40 power of three you can
find the cruder representation the
opening week low distribution week high
and one close Okay but inside this
representation candle in lower time
frames you can find the internal
Dynamics or
the price moves because price don't move
linear in one single move in this
representation
here you can see one single move in
bullish to the low to the high it's one
single move but in lower time frames you
can find internal
Dynamics you can find different types
moves you can find retracements inside
this move move to the low to the high so
here on the
left you can see the opening 2 a it's
the same opening here and when price
moving for printed the week low and the
same time price looking one PD higher
time frame it's price okay so here you
have time and price moving
in this manipulation phase uh looking
one Higher time frame PD the same uh
time frame or higher and the same time
for confirmations D this week low you
can find one smt smart money tool one
crash correlation with the one um Market
in correlation positive negative in this
case uh positive correlation imagine I
don't know this is NASDAQ and you can
find one Mt here with the SPO or Dow in
this uh weak low the other Market don't
takeen this low printed one
smt and this is your confirmations for
this week low printed because when price
is moving to the this PD array um
printed this um smt the price uh is
visuality it's bearish the candle in
development look uh looks bearish it's
the other color it's bearish because in
in this moment when price it's in the PD
higher time frames then don't have for
the moment the the body handle so
visuality it's different so for this
reason you need one confirmation tool
and your confir
tool it's the smt but it's no
synchronization tool it's only um
confirmation okay and when price printed
the weak high in this candle it's the
same Dynamics you can find one price
element in this case one PD array the
same time frame or higher at the same
time you can find one smt in the highs
and this is your confirmations for the
high for this candle and price uh one
little retracement for the close but in
this High your confirmations for the end
for the distributions it's one smt with
one correlation uh Market it's the same
for the low it's the same for the high
okay in this presentation you have two
Frameworks for work
in your charts this is the frame world
number one when you
identify the opening and the
manipulation phase you can measure with
the standard deviations the manipulation
leg High and the low um this uh
presentation is not for newbies you need
uh see the last videos for uh the
standard deviations or internal Dynamics
okay so in the two deviations and the
two and0 five deviations you can find
the last moves and you can find the Zone
for one retracement or one reversal okay
in one internal Dynamic it's probability
you don't find in one single candle and
you need two candles if you see in this
representation it's the same for the
last uh crudder representation but in
one single candle but here it's
different because this manipulation leg
it's in the 2 IM opening okay but when
price is in development for the
distribution here new candle open but at
the same time price don't re the two
deviations or the pdra higher time frame
or the two and5 deviations here so when
price open this 6m candle this um price
Dynamic have unfinished business du the
this PD higher time frames so uh this is
important because you don't find ever in
one single candle Al internal Dynamics
it's probability the first candle um
it's the main range for projecting this
um standard deviations and moving to the
next PD opposite PD and this move need
one or two candles or probability three
candles I don't know it's different in
every
case in this case you can find two
different openings the four or candle 2
a.m. and 6:00 a.m. so this is important
because in the 6 a.m opening price it's
in the me for the manipulation leg and
the drown liquidity in the PD so have un
finish at business in bullish move okay
so this is very important when price
open here because you can find
different types for
movs and probability in the in two
directions the Fier moves for re finish
it business the PD and when price Reed
this PD higher time frame and you can
find the smt it's probability price
moving in this retracement or one
reversal below the 6 a.m opening so in
this same candle 6 a.m it's probability
you can find two different H moves one
bullish and one
bearish okay so when price Reed the two
deviations and the two and5 deviations
price it's in premium price and one pdra
Higher time frame so in this moment you
anticipate one retracement to the
equilibrium to discount for the previous
range so it's very important take the
previous range for the previous candle
the previous opening
and when price R the PD and the two um
2.5 deviations you anticipate this
retracement okay this retracements it's
one range opportunity for uh take one
chart you know in in this moop but the
question is this move it's one
retracement or one reversal okay so in
the six I IM Candle In This Moment you
can find two ties for movs in the
beginning one bullish move um when price
Reed the PD price moving in the opposite
direction below the time opening so this
is one range opportunity in bearish move
okay but it's important identify higher
time frames for for um if price is in
one retracement only in know in one
reversal okay so when price it's in
bullish and it's in one retracements you
can find other opportunity in the
bullish move and the 6 IM candle printed
one um more large week in the low in
discount and if you see this 6im candle
have three different types move the
first move opening in the mid range here
and Happ finish at business in the pdra
so the first move in bullish move and
when price Reed the PD higher time frame
and the two
and five deviations here one
retracements to Discount this is
other range opportunity in beish SM and
when price again re the discount and one
internal liquidity here in this
move here you can find one internal
liquidity because in the retracements
the priority it's the internal liquidity
so if price is in retracements the
internal liquidity it's the drows in the
retracements and the PD for continue in
in the same direction for the the
previous range okay so equilibrium and
when price Reed this internal liquidity
the same Dynamics you can confirm with
one smt in this low when price printed
this week low for this candle you can
find one smt here for confirmations this
week low printed okay look in this
moment price is printed the weak low but
visuality it's beish this is important
and when you find this smt here is your
confirmation for the weak low printed in
this candle and price moving in the same
uh Direction This is the framework
number one framework number two it's the
same framework the same um candles this
is 6 a.m. candle and 10 a.m. candle okay
um it's the same 10 open in the mid H
finish business with the pdra and the
two deviations and the two5 de here um
price moving in bullish move for this
unfinish business uh you can find one
smt here and is your confirmations for
the retracement or the reversals here
okay and you anticipate here one first
move to equilibrium
to discount for the previous range price
moving to Discount and in this moment
this is different case because the
fierce framework it's one retracement
this is for one reversal okay so when
price moving in this uh below to
equilibrium it's probability price have
one retracement to the opening the
present opening in this case it's the
the 10m opening in
development so price
retracements to 10m opening and in this
moment you can find untruth in the
breakers here or um internal liquidity
here but it's important in higher time
frames um you have the bearish direction
um it's probability when you have the
bearish director in higher time frame
your first move in the manipulation
phase you need in the opposite direction
so its probability here it's for printed
I don't know one uh week in one Higher
time frame power of three weekly power
of three daily power of three I don't
know and in this moment this week high
it's printed one smt confirmations and
price moving
this Fierce bearish move and have one
retracement to the opening and you can
find here the breaker or the one fair
value Gap or one CV plus overlapping
with the time opening 10m opening and in
this moment you anticipate the reversals
here it's different framework okay but
you need the higher time frame in every
um price mve it's in a specific PD um in
a specific time openings these two
different Frameworks you can find every
every week in different days you can
find Frameworks for continuations
Frameworks for
reversals um it's no necessary take the
more lower point in this um price
Dynamics you need only rating the tape
you need
identify the openings the previous range
candles the present candle where is the
opening in function for the previous
range this is your work and when you
have this framework it's more easy
anticipate the next price move or
reading the tape tracking price it's
more easy when you have the framework in
function for the previous range okay
this is one example for the framework
number one continuation
profile okay it's important in your mind
never never you find the perfect um
Frameworks these Frameworks have little
little little difference but it's the
same core in this Frame work number one
6 a.m. opening here and 10: a.m. opening
here 6 a.m opening here open and this is
the
accumulation price moving fast moves to
bearish and react to an high time frame
pdra the same time frame or higher in
this case is one bullish order block 40
and these two c C Les power of Threes
it's the four candle so it's the same
time frame in the 6 am. candle price
printed this manipulation leg and you
can measure this manipulation leg this
high and this low okay and the two
deviations it's more higher and in the
opposite PD it's one daily breaker
here okay
so 6 a.m. candle it's the main range
because it's your projections range your
standard deviations range and when price
close the 6 IM candle open the next four
or candle is the T IM candle and the
question is where is the opening for the
tin IM candle in function for the
previous range or the previous power of
three or the previous
candle price don't open in the two
deviations so this candle TM it's for
continue because have finish it business
in the higher time frame PD and the
standard deviations range
here so when price open in TM have one
retracement inside the the range the
present range for printed the week low
and continue the distribution continue
in the same direction for the previous
range 6 I range and look here price
open retracements and what is the
priority in the retracements the
internal
liquidity this is the fair value Gap
here
retracements to the fair value Gap and
continue for printed the body candle in
the
distribution you see so you can truce in
this Frameworks in function for the
previous candle for the previous range
when the previous range Rees one Higher
time frame PD you can f one smmt for
confirmations and you only need tracking
tracking the price price for the
unfinish business and this unfinish
business it's the opposite PD the same
time frame or the higher time frame in
this case the week low in the 6 am it's
in the same time frame bullish order
block for or and the Dr liquidity
opposite PD it's one daily breaker
bearish
breaker when you have
the opening in this case t opening and
when you anticipate the printed this
week low or this week high it's very
very
important use the confirmation tool in
this case you have the framework for the
TM continue do finish it business and
you anticipate the week low printed so
this week low in this candle your
confirmation tool it's the smt this is
the market spose this Market it's spos
and if you see this Market don't take in
this low so you have one crash
correlation here
inside okay this is important inside for
the opening in
development the opening in development
here it's the T the power of three in
development it's the TM so you are
working in one single candle but in
function for the previous range when
price printed this manipulation and this
SM and this smt is your confirmations
for the weak low printed for moving to
the unfinish business and when price
moving a above the time opening in this
case 10:00 a.m. opening is other
confirmation for the distribution phase
look here when price close above with B
the candle here this TM
opening B the candle above and the next
candle open and retracement
inside this time opening and continue
for printed the body the
candle remember the beginning for this
presentation the cruder
presentation every power of three open
manipulation printed the weak low or
weak high for the candle Mt confirmation
this week high or week low and the next
phase it's for printed or development
the the body the candle the distribution
phase example number two
this is the framework number two for one
reversal in this case the candles the
present candles in this framework it's 2
a.m. and 6:00 a.m. um the 2 a.m. it's
the initial projection range here it's a
more higher range here and take the Fier
um distribution leg here and the
important thing here is the next candle
what is the opening for the next candle
the 6 a.m in function for the previous
range okay so you have in this framework
the initial range
here and price
moving do the two deviations and the two
um5 deviations here the 6 I candle here
open in the mid for this move don't open
into the deviations don't open in 2 1.5
deviation so when the 6. candle is open
have unfinish at business for the two
deviations and the 21.5 deviations okay
but when you don't have one PD in this
deviation range it's probability price
moving the double double expansion
move but in this double full expansion
move it's probability you can find the
higher time frame
pdra in this case it's the previous
daily low in the same area for the four
deviation okay so when price here in the
6 AM opening price moving to the Finish
business to the two deviations and two
and5 deviations in this moment you need
need the smt remember you need the
higher time frame PD array and one smt
in this area and you don't find in this
um stage you don't find one um smt price
continue in bearish and close with body
candle below the 2 and5 deviation this
is one rule in the standard devation
theories when price close below the and
05 deviations with body the candle it's
high probability for Price continue to
the four deviations and this is the
second Silver Bullet Zone if you see
here this move when price Clos with B
candle this retracements in bullish it's
the second Silver Bullet zone for moving
to do finish it business or moving to
the higher time frame pdra in this case
this little move it's for re C the
previous daily low and the four
deviation okay and here price uh it's
the beginning for this
reversal price done moving to to premium
for continuing beish no price Reed the
previous daily low and immediately
reversals in the higher time frame speed
R and in this price Dynamic you can find
the smt for confirm
this reversal okay and you can
projection this high and this low the
last manipulation leg for moving to the
two deviations and the two and point5
deviations and look here price moving
above the 6 a.m opening and the 10 amm
opening it's broken all this range it's
broken this is the framewor for
reversals it's different for the
framework number one
but it's in two candles in function for
the previous candle but remember this is
very important because because the 6 IM
candle it's no only moving in bullish
move you can find price moves in
different directions the first price
move in the time opening 6:00 a.m. it's
in beish in bearish move because have
unin business but in the same candle
when price red the higher time frame PD
the forward deviations and printed one
smt
confirmations price moving in the same
candle in the same opening one price
move in bullish in the opposite
direction for the Fier move so you have
two different range
opportunities one in bearish and one in
bullish but you only need take one the
more discernable the more clear for you
the power of three
Universe in every power of three um you
will work in base for the previous power
of three or the previous two power of
trees when the power of three open in
the one deviation or the one and5
deviation it's high probability continue
to the two deviations or the 2 1.5
deviations plus v the array this is very
important
one PD in the time frames overlapping
the standard deviations with the high
time frames
pdas when price open the power of three
open in the two deviations or the two
and 05 deviations it's high probability
for one retracements to equilibrium or
if higher time frames it's in in the
ready for one reversal you can find one
framework for the reversal
okay this power of three it's no random
this power of three working in function
for the previous power of trees okay um
here it's very important
you study the previous video internal
Dynamics plus time because in this uh
price Dynamics you can find different
speedr rates okay and the Speedy arrays
it's high correlation with time with the
openings in different uh time openings
in the in development because the time
is the first element in this price move
so when price open in one specific uh
area in function for the previous range
this present candle is in one specific
PD and one specific move one specific um
manipulation or or distribution because
it's not the same when price opening the
two deviations or the two and5
deviations and when price open above the
time opening because when price open in
the two deviations or the two and5
deviations it's probability the first
internal d Dynamic it's printed and this
is the T soup the F internal Dynamic so
when price open above the time opening
it's probability this
candle this retracement for this candle
it's inside the
breaker not the turtle soup the breaker
so it's very important
identify what is the opening
the present opening in function for the
previous internal Dynamics because the
first internal Dynamic turle soup the
next the order block the next the
breaker and the next the uh one F value
Gap or the Silver Bullet Zone I don't
know it's very important identify what
is the present opening and anticipate
the pdra for work working in the next
price
move all the price Market you can find
all dyamics markets in this crudder
representation for the power of three
this representation it's
powerful very very powerful it's all the
understanding these markets you can find
all all all all all price moves all
Dynamics you can find in this simple
representation these representations
it's the complete Market the complete
price dynamic in the market but you need
deeping in this cruder representation in
this power of three inside this cruder
representation you can find the price
Dynamics all the price Dynamics this is
one single power of three and in the
lower time frames if you dipping inside
this cruder representation or this power
of three you can find these Dynamics in
in in price moves little retracements
for all this
development and inside this price
Dynamics you can find the internal
Dynamics you have the opening and the
first phase it's the manipulation and
when this manipulation is printed your
confirmation je it's one smt
but at the same time the fierce internal
Dynamic is in
development what is the what is the
first internal
Dynamic the turle when this smt is
printed for printed the weak high for
the candle in development at the same
time you can find the fierce internal
Dynamic the turle soup the second
internal Dynamic it's the order block is
the last bullish candle for Tak in the
previous high and when price close below
this order block the last bullish candle
this is your second internal Dynamic the
order block when price moving and close
below the opening price in development
in this moment you can find the next
internal Dynamic the breaker breaker
zone is in the time opening this is very
important because the breaker the more
powerful Breakers is when this breaker
is with one time opening in the opening
for
the present candle the present power of
threee and when this breaker have these
reactions in beish move you can find the
next
um
retracements in a specific zones you can
find the next fair value Gap or
OT and you can truce when price is in
this fair value Gap or OT Zone you can
Tru in the
continue
because you already have the previous
information the previous internal
Dynamics the previous confirmations in
the smt and price is in finish it
business moving to the two deviations
and the two on 5 devs or the Dr
liquidity higher time frame pdra in
development the
next retracement or zones for this price
Dynamics is in the one and the one and5
deviations or in other words in the
Silver Bullet zone for continue to the
two deviations and the two .5 deviations
and when price Sprint or re this PD or
the two
deviations your confirmation tool it's
the smt in the
lows if you add um measure the
manipulation leg here this is the cruder
representation for the power of three
and all the piece for ICT in one single
representation inside the power of three
you can find the all Dynamics for the
ICT the PD Rays the internal Dynamics
power of three the time openings the
close all Market all the piece in these
markets you can find in one cruder
representation for the power of three
it's very very powerful okay here one
example for the power of three plus
internal Dynamics plus standard
deviations plus time
all the piece here this is the
daily power of three is the nasda in the
15 minutes
chart okay so your attention it's in the
opening in the present
opening the present opening here it's
the midnight open here midnight open
it's the opening for this daily power of
three here
so you need the previous range so this
is the daily power of three in Tuesday
so what is the previous power of three
the Wednesday power of three range so
the Wednesday range the Wednesday
projections the previous candle the
previous power of three you have this
projection range this low and this high
and what is the opening in function for
the previous range is in the two
deviations and the two and5 deviations
price moving below the 2 1.5
deviations one little
retracement and moving for printed the
week low do the three and half
deviations and taken the shortterm low
here in the Tuesday low and rea AED this
higher time frame PD 40 and one order
block daily order block the main
threshold in this area you can find the
main threshold for the order block and
this PD for or
candle the first internal Dynamic here
the turle soup taking this low in the
three andal deviations turle soup here
and the previous or the last bearish
candle is your order block here the
second internal
Dynamic price close above this bearish
candle and have this
retracements that this M mean threshold
for this bearish candle but inside this
bearish candle and price moving above
this bearish
candle and moving above the midnight
open so remember when price moving above
the midnight or the opening in in in in
play in
development the breaker Zone it's in
development so you take here this low
this high and this low for your
breaker this is your breaker Zone here
above the midnight
open this is the next internal Dynamic
here inside the daily
candle all these Dynamics inside in one
single
candle okay and when this candle
close where is the close here in this
new projection range from this high and
this low price close in the one and the
one and point5 deviations and don't
Reet the two deviations or the two 1.5
deviations so have unfinish
business and you have range opportunity
for the next candle the next power of
threee look here the next power of
threee
open but the previous power of three
candle don't re the two deviations or
the two .5 deviations so have finish
business what is the high probability
for the present power of three for the
new power of
three continue continue in function for
the previous range continue to the two
deviations so you anticipate one little
retracements the fair value Gap OT Zone
Silver Bullet zone for continue to do
finish
business to the to
deviations now look this is more more
zoom in the same candle
midnight open little retracements the
fair value G OT balance price range here
and when price moving in this bearish
move you can find smt here for the
confirmations for this week low in this
daily candle
printed and price moving in the same
direction for the previous range because
have un finish business
this is the candle for Friday the
previous Friday and this is the close
and today it's the same open in the mid
on the way for the two deviations and
the first move today on Monday it's
moving to the two deviations because
price have finish
business other
example with the all the piece in the
same framework the same representation
this is two
different daili power of trees your
attention it's in the present
opening midnight opening the midnight
opening what is the opening in function
for the previous range this opening this
midnight open in the one deviation and
the one and5
deviations in function for the previous
range so so H finish it business moving
to the two deviations and the two 1.5
deviations and the previous daily low
it's in the in in play here and this
Brown Line it's one daily bullish order
block this brown line
here so this candle the opening the
midnight open opening one and one and
half deviation H finish it business so
moving the f move in beish move for
finish business and when price
finish this business and printed the
weak low for this daily power of three
you can find the smt
here in the previous daily low or the
shortterm lows and the internal Dynamics
it's printed the turle soup it's the
fous internal Dynamic below the previous
da low the next internal dynamic the
bullish order block here price close
above the last bearish candle and the
next candles retracements in this order
block and continue in this reversal
profile which is the framework number
two but with the daily candle and bl
internal
Dynamics okay but in this one deviations
and the one and half deviations in this
time frame this is 15 minutes time time
frame you don't find one fair value up
right you don't find one order block
here right but you need moving to the
lower time frames for fine in the same
areas with the same narrative with the
same logic one a fractal or PD for this
uh price move okay so moving let's let's
go to the lower time frames five minut
minutes in your attention it's here in
the one deviations and the one and5
deviations look this is 5 minutes the
turtle soup here the order Block Breaker
Zone here in this area and the one
deviations and the one.5 deviations you
can find the per value Gap Silver Bullet
Zone and continue with the two devation
and the
21.5 division so when you understand in
this uh Dynamics these power of trees
you can find different
opportunities in the same candle but you
need identify the framework the present
framework and anticipate the next price
move okay this is all for this
presentation I hope this presentation is
clear and helpful for your understanding
this market and how to navigate in this
candles in these power of trees well
thank you Dexter for this presentation
if you guys do want to learn more from
Dexter his links will be in the
description below if you did enjoy this
video please consider giving it a like
and clicking that subscribe button I'll
see you guys next time have a good one